At last say
Well Well even though it took me a little time
Oh yeah not fit amazon's android 2.2 equipped
That 10-inch
Tablet
The
I changed
On the other hand, those who are big in the box's hoare
Is that how 11 types no greater ne N creative Se
android 2.2 equipped model
It is a tablet of
Taken out from inside the box of the father and Well So I Well
So-called
Of the mother board
The size of the box that contains it or the important model number and price are here
Become
I think I was making ブ ラ 's blaster or creative's
It is a model
Highett here sprout
It will be the contents
Though I dropped for a moment when I opened that moment
It looks like this
I have no reflection
The reverse side looks like this
The cigarette is this one
It is quite big
That's what the size of the monitor is 10 inches .
Is thin
It feels like a cigarette
That's right compared to cigarettes
It does a fairly thin felt
It is easy to hold there
It's a better of we delivery android tablet but still Then
That I'm a little I do not know how to use just started now, but
It is wi-fi network setting It is Internet doing Internet connection setting
I would like to report today until I can see the wi-fi network settings
Is it
Here
wireless
Radio and network
Whether or not the check and Nekoko have wi-fi I'm Netto green check contains
It is wi-fi setting
If you do so , ssid of the access point of wireless lan is over here.
That is displayed
In came Ettoshi it will be to the user
Where did you go
It is password here that web key Moshiku
Blue
It is pa key is Netto wpa key I
Please enter
to be continued
Place
Yes If you have it will do so led also to those of that safe wi-fi Internet
Because
Well
Let's also look at the internet
Browser
From here
I will put out ur
So I feel like I can do Internet people like this
Well, google 's a little bit like you've seen it, but still
Hey that Japanese ime
I'm I not been able to set in that Japanese dictionary
Since you can not input Japanese, just look at youtube together
Let's
youtube
How Ya
is kana easy to see you You're efficacy would go to the youtube mobile
It feels good-
It sounds good feeling has become to fill the screen
It seems to be around 25,000 yen Internet and such a video
Or music
Than buy Well PC as long as enjoy the other video
That it is probably will do just a little not a considerably deals
It is the place of touch pan
Something like that a little bit softening limp
Without becoming a woman of Bachi' and glass like a that ipod
This slide is like a finger grip a bit
It's a form, its quick feeling
I do not go
I mean
I'm sticking
So this side of that little bit
I think I highly recommended if you do not mind
The'll try a little bit collectively report who I am now Well wi-fi connection
I think I'm simple in it, but I would like to blue